Update recursion concept documentation (#2348)
exercism/javascript: exercises/concept/pizza-order/.docs/introduction.md

It's similar to a loop, but it involves breaking a problem down into smaller, more manageable sub-problems.

### Example 1: Countdown

Let's start with a simple example: a countdown function.

```javascript
function countdown(num) {
  // Base case
  if (num <= 0) {
    console.log("Blastoff!");
    return;
  }

  // Recursive case
  console.log(num);
  countdown(num - 1);
}

// Call the function
countdown(5);
```

In this example:

- **Base case**: When `num` becomes less than or equal to 0, the function prints "Blastoff!" and stops calling itself.
- **Recursive case**: The function prints the current `num` and calls itself with `num - 1`.

### Example 2: Factorial

Now, let's look at a classic example of recursion: calculating the factorial of a number.

```javascript
function factorial(n) {
  // Base case
  if (n === 0 || n === 1) {
    return 1;
  }

  // Recursive case
  return n * factorial(n - 1);
}

// Test the function
console.log(factorial(5)); // Output: 120
```

In this example:

- **Base case**: When `n` is 0 or 1, the function returns 1.
- **Recursive case**: The function multiplies `n` by the factorial of `n - 1`.

## Key Concepts

### Base Case

> Every recursive function should have at least one base case, a condition where the function stops calling itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every recursive function must have at least one base case, a condition where the function stops calling itself.
```

Without a base case, the recursion would continue indefinitely, leading to a stack overflow.

### Recursive Case

The recursive case defines how the function calls itself with a smaller or simpler version of the problem.

## Pros and Cons of Recursion

**Pros:**

- Elegant solution for certain problems.
- Mimics the mathematical induction concept.

**Cons:**

- Can be less efficient than iterative solutions.
- May lead to stack overflow for deep recursion.

## Conclusion

> Recursion is a valuable technique that simplifies complex problems by breaking them into smaller, more manageable sub-problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recursion is a valuable technique that can simplify complex problems by breaking them into smaller, more manageable sub-problems.
```
